this this is what's wrong with the club
we'll call us
yeah he's a little or to look at it
another way
Carlos fellas was voted Player of the
season last year but now he's injured he
sits alone why because he's a waiter no
he's waiting for the physio no well
maybe it's because no one cares about
team cohesion cause he's a widow
absolutely bellend least of a midfielder
though I mean when he's fit he's
unstoppable
no one here even tries to get to know
each other there's no team spirit I'm
superstitious me I don't like hanging
around a treatment room in case I catch
on like a torn hamstring exactly called
cat's injuries jack in all of them any
minute you can't catch any injuries oh
come on you must have some superstitions
and I honestly don't I wash me honest
before a game hygiene not superstition I
thought it once before a game and the
water felt nice took the pressure off we
won so now they're before every game
Nando's cheesecake is another one what I
haven't done those cheesecake before
games it's also a good one because I
like cheesecake a whole cheesecake
before a game everyone has superstitions
bro Oh superstitions is it
I've got plenty of those I um I used to
not have sex with the wife the day
before the game now it's more like the
week before and we have a game every
week so I just literally never have sex
nah now I'm you fine yeah dimension
nothing what Christian long dry Carlos
has offered a bit to be fair he's
absolutely mental insane
yeah he's competitive of course we all
are I think he just needs a friend and
that's gonna be use it well you got to
start somewhere
[Applause]